Improve copywriting for Installation (#300)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/installation/test_situations.md

# How to test your changes on "ready to use" situations

Often, when making changes to legislation it needs testing on a simulation that works with your country's tax and benefit system.
Sometimes, these simulations can be quite complicated to model.

> Instead of rewriting them everytime, first check your country's repository for `situation_examples` that have already been created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of rewriting them every time, first check your country's repository for `situation_examples` that have already been created. 
```
